---
layout: post
title: Project Update Week 11/52
slug: project-update-week-11
date: 2020-3-15 20：00
status: publish
author: Toby Bu
categories:
  - Project Manage
tags:
  - Project Manage
  - Weekly Update
---


[notice]Weekly Highlight:[/notice]

  [notice]1,  Accurofit 3.4.2 release date: Jan. 23, 2020.[/notice]
  [notice]2,  Pre-release HIIT Zone Fitness on BetaQR.[/notice]
  [notice]3,  Released Flexx Fitness HR on the stores.[/notice]
  [notice]4,  Optimized server database, fixed an issue with slow query.[/notice]


1. **Accurofit**

  1.1 **New FL301**

  Changed the display logic of how body fat. 
  Before: display latest weight and latest body fat measured.
  After: display weight and body fat from latest measurement, if there's no body fat, shows '--%'.

  1.2 **Bug fixes and ongoing features**

  - Working on improving OTA.
  - Working on share workout inside the app.

2. **AccuroPT**

  2.1 **Trial Use**

  Released TestFlight 1.2.0.16 with this update.

  2.2 **NCIT ANT+ Receiver Integration**

  Investigating the raw data received from NCIT ANT Receiver.

  2.3 **NPE WASP ANT+ Receiver Integration**

  Ongoing, received 3 NPE Wasp, and source code of the plugin developed by Swami Team, estimate work time: 8 work days.

  2.4 **FS Integration**

  Done some experiments with the solution out of the discussion with Sam@FS, successfully streaming real-time JSON file inside WLAN updated per second.
  

3. **Private Labels**

  3.1 **Summary**

    //TODO

  3.2 **TRIB3**

  Released 1.0.0-alpha.3 on BetaQR, fixed issues reported by the client.

4. **AquaBag**

  4.1 **Gym Solution**

  Working on iPad version of Gym Solution, Internal testing, will release alpha version in one week.

[1]: https://fir.im/accurov2
[2]: https://fir.im/accuropt


