---
layout: post
title: Project Update Week 2/52
slug: project-update-week-two
date: 2020-1-6 11:42
status: hidden
author: Toby Bu
categories:
  - Project Manage
tags:
  - Project Manage
  - Weekly Update
---


[notice]Weekly Highlight:[/notice]

  [notice]1,  Accurofit 3.4.0 release date: Jan. 11, 2020.[/notice]
  [notice]2,  Pre-release all 5 PL apps to Fir.im.[/notice]
  [notice]3,  Release APT on TestFlight with ANT features included.[/notice]


1. **Accurofit**

  1.1 **New FL301**

  Finished 2nd round debugging, finally found the root cause in the firmware. Hardware developer has finished test in the weekend, sent a new package to Nanjing with fixed scale.

  1.2 **Messaging**

  Finished final test, released 3.4.0-RC.1 version on TestFlight and [FIR.IM][1]

  1.3 **DBS221**

  Integrating with Swami.

  1.4 **Group Messaging**

  Will work on this after the release of 3.4.0, estimate workload is two weeks.

2. **AccuroPT**

  2.1 **Trial Use**

  Ongoing, need to changing the identity verification method first, the origin method has flaws when you do factory reset on an iPad.

  2.2 **Multiple Language Support**

  Sent latest translation script to Aaron. Will put the newer version into the app     as soon as it's ready.

  2.3 **Accuro ANT+ Receiver Integration**

  70% completed, will submit to TestFlight before next Monday.

  2.4 **Android Version**

  Release v1.2.0 on [FIR.IM][2]

  2.5 **WASP ANT+ Receiver Integration**

  Integrating with Swami.

3. **Private Labels**

  3.1 **Summary**

    - **11** 2.0 based PL app released on GooglePlay and AppStore.
    - **22** 3.0 based PL apps released on GooglePlay and AppStore.
    - **16** PL apps pre-released on fir.im, waiting for client approval.
    - **4** PL apps under development.

  3.2 **TRIB3**

  Released 1.0.0-alpha.1 on TestFlight, finished 75%.

4. **AquaBag**

  Fixed all issues came from penetration test. Rewrote offline datastore, fixed the issues from Jeff's test report.

  v1.1.0 released on Google Play and App Store.

[1]: https://fir.im/accurov2
[2]: https://fir.im/accuropt
